README.md, before:

# WoTB_CamoUnlocker
This is a modification for the game World of Tanks Blitz.
Use almost every legendary camouflage available without spending any gold. Keep in mind that this will only affect your local game client, other players will not see these legendary camouflages equipped. Instead, they will appear as the following common camos:
* Rising Fury
* Stellar Shine
* Venomous Shock

## Installation Guide
Download the latest version from the Releases tab.

* Steam:
  * Copy and paste the **Data** folder to the **World of Tanks Blitz** folder in your Steam game directory. Replace all existing files.
 
* WGC:
  * Copy and paste the **Data** folder to `[DRIVE]:\World_of_Tanks_Blitz_WGC\`. Replace all existing files.
 
* Micropatches (Steam, WGC):
  * Copy and paste the contents of the **Data** folder to `C:\Users\[USER]\AppData\Local\wotblitz\packs`. Replace all existing files.
 
 * Android:
   * Copy and paste the contents of the **Data** folder to `\storage\emulated\0\Android\data\net.wargaming.wot.blitz\files\packs\`. Replace all existing files and merge existing folders.
   * The icons used for the mod **will not** work on Android when they haven't been packed into an APK. Everything else will function as intended.

 ## In-Game Usage
 After installing the modification, open up the game and select any tank that does have a legendary camouflage by normal. Click on the camo tab and scroll all the way to the top. There you'll find a set of three camouflages, all of which are used to equip a legendary one. Should a tank only have one single legendary camouflage, only the first of these will be useful, the other two will just show your tank without any camo equipped.
 
 This modification will only affect your visuals, other players won't see the legendary camouflage you equipped. Instead, they will be met by you having the camo on that was replaced by the legendary camo you are using.

 ## Legal Compliance
 This mod was made with respect to game's [EULA](https://legal.eu.wargaming.net/en/eula/). It is a legal modification that does not offer an unfair advantage or change the game mechanics.

 The Camouflage Unlocker is an independent development and is neither affiliated with nor endorsed by Wargaming or World of Tanks Blitz.

Commit message:

Added UE5 Notice to README.md

README.md, after:

# WoTB_CamoUnlocker
This is a modification for the game World of Tanks Blitz.
Use almost every legendary camouflage available without spending any gold. Keep in mind that this will only affect your local game client, other players will not see these legendary camouflages equipped. Instead, they will appear as the following common camos:
* Rising Fury
* Stellar Shine
* Venomous Shock

## Installation Guide
Download the latest version from the Releases tab.

* Steam:
  * Copy and paste the **Data** folder to the **World of Tanks Blitz** folder in your Steam game directory. Replace all existing files.
 
* WGC:
  * Copy and paste the **Data** folder to `[DRIVE]:\World_of_Tanks_Blitz_WGC\`. Replace all existing files.
 
* Micropatches (Steam, WGC):
  * Copy and paste the contents of the **Data** folder to `C:\Users\[USER]\AppData\Local\wotblitz\packs`. Replace all existing files.
 
 * Android:
   * Copy and paste the contents of the **Data** folder to `\storage\emulated\0\Android\data\net.wargaming.wot.blitz\files\packs\`. Replace all existing files and merge existing folders.
   * The icons used for the mod **will not** work on Android when they haven't been packed into an APK. Everything else will function as intended.

 ## In-Game Usage
 After installing the modification, open up the game and select any tank that does have a legendary camouflage by normal. Click on the camo tab and scroll all the way to the top. There you'll find a set of three camouflages, all of which are used to equip a legendary one. Should a tank only have one single legendary camouflage, only the first of these will be useful, the other two will just show your tank without any camo equipped.
 
 This modification will only affect your visuals, other players won't see the legendary camouflage you equipped. Instead, they will be met by you having the camo on that was replaced by the legendary camo you are using.

 ## Unreal Engine Notice
 This modification will likely be discontinued with the release of the switch to Unreal Engine 5. Until then, the mod is going to receive regular updates after new versions of the game come out for download.

 ## Legal Compliance
 This mod was made with respect to game's [EULA](https://legal.eu.wargaming.net/en/eula/). It is a legal modification that does not offer an unfair advantage or change the game mechanics.

 The Camouflage Unlocker is an independent development and is neither affiliated with nor endorsed by Wargaming or World of Tanks Blitz.
